{"text": "WEDNESDAY JULY 8 1981

Homos prone to rare cancer

DOCTORS in New York and
California have diagiosed among
homosexual men 41 cases of a
rare and often rapidly fatal form
of cancer.
Doctors who found 20 cases of
Kapo.i ‘s sarcoma in New York
and six cases in California are
alerting other physicians who
treat large numbers of homosex
ual men to help identify more
cases and to shorten the delay in
offering chemotherapy.
Eight of the victims died less
than two years after the diagnosis
was made. .
There is no national registry of
cancer victims in the United
States. The nationwide incidence
of Kaposi’s sarcoma in the past
had been estimated by the
national centres for disease
control to be less than six one 
hundredths of a case per 100,000
people annually, or about two
cases in every 3 million people1
according to a spokesman, Dr.
.iames Curran.
In thc US. it primarily ha*
affected men older than 50 years.
But in recent months, donors at
nine medical cent res in New York
and seven hospitals in California
have been diagnosing the cases
among younger men, aLl of whom
said during diagnostic interviews
that they were homosexual.
Many of the patients also have
been treated lr viral infections
such as herpes. cytomegalovirus
and hepatitis B. as well as
parasitic infections such as
amoebiais and giardiasis Many
patients also reported that they
had used drugs such as amy!
nitrite •rnd LSI) to heighten
sexual pleasure.
I)r. Curran said there was no
apparent danger to non 
homosexuals from contagion."}
